In this staff graded assignment you will submit your final project report.  The report will consist of 6 chapters:

  1. Introduction: this will explain the project concept and motivation for the project (this can be based on your proposal). This must also state which project template you are using.  (max 2 pages)

  2. Literatures review: this is a revised version of the document that you submit for your second peer review (max 5 pages)

  3. Design: this is a revised version of the document that you submit for your third peer review (max 4 pages)

  4. Implemementation: this should describe the implementation of the project. This should follow the style of the topic 6 peer review (but greatly expanded to cover the entire implementation), describing the major algorithms/techniques used, explanation of the most important parts of the code and a visual representation of the results (e.g. screenshorts or graphs). (max 3 pages)

  5. Evaluation: Describe the evaluation carried out (e.g. user studies or testing on data) and give the results. This should give a critical evaluation of the project as a whole making clear successes, failures, limiations and possible extensions. (max 3 pages)

  6. Conclusion: This can be a short summary of the project as a whole but it can also bring out any broader themes you would like to discuss or suggest further work. (max 2 pages)

In addition to the page limits listed, you can have additional pages of images and references.

You must include a link to your code repository, which will be publicly viewable.

You can return to the previous peer reviews for instructions on the first four parts of this submission.

As well as the report you should submit a 2-5 minute video demonstrating your project working. This should show all the important features of the project and explaining a little of how they work.


Review Criteria

You will be marked according to the following criteria (the earlier criteria are the same:

  1. Is the report clearly written and presented?

  2. Are the diagrams and images appropriate and clear?

  3. Does the report display knowledge of the area of study, previous work and academic literature?

  4. Does the report critically evaluate the previous work and/or academic literature?

  5. Does the report use proper citation?

  6. Is the design of the project clear and of high quality?

  7. Is the project concept justified based on the domain and users?

  8. Is the final implementation of high quality?

  9. Is the final implementation technically challenging?

  10. Is the evaluation strategy appropriate to the aims of the project?

  11. Does the evaluation display good coverage of appropriate issues?

  12. Are the results of the evaluation presented well?

  13. Are the evaluation results used to critically analyse the project with respect to the objectives of the project?

  14. Does the project display evidence of originality?
